That's right.
Tomorrow is the 6th.
How about you accompany me to the City Lord's Mansion?
City Lord's Mansion
What are you doing in the City Lord's Mansion?
If you go, you will be late.
Meng Yun from the City Lord's Mansion smiled
But I've been thinking about you and you
Smile, um, do you have a good relationship with the city lord?
I guess so.
If you don't want to say it, forget it.
madam
I haven't seen you so happy for a long time
Getting rid of Gu Beichen is naturally happy, by the way
Don't ever call me madam again
Call me Miss Lin
Okay, Miss Lin, that's right.
What are we doing here today?
Didn't you sell all your jewelry before?
Do you want to buy it back?
Of course not.
Li Feiyu is going to the City Lord's Mansion
He wants me to go with him.
I want to pick some gifts for Xiao Xiao
By the way, redeem my jade bracelet and go
Boss, I mortgaged the bracelet with you before.
I want to redeem it now, sorry ma'am
Your jade bracelet was bought by someone.
What!
Who bought it?
I bought it.
Gu Beichen, why are you here?